October 15th, 2020\
G's Flat in Merton, London, UK\
Thursday, last day of the First Quarter

For once, I almost welcome my nightly ordeal. Though It terrifies me to my core, a literal hell is a hard act to follow up. I wake up just before dawn, Caliu meowing for ice at my bedroom door.

---

The Omphalos is quiet today. Perhaps a holiday of some kind? Not like I've paid much attention to British customs since arriving, though pub food is intriguing. At any rate, the cafeteria and trading halls are mostly empty.

Mr. Vanderpool is busy scribbling into a notebook. I sneak a peek as I hail him, it's an indecipherable morass of alchemical formulae. He seems pleased to see me, it seems he's been on the hunt for a certain alchemical ingredient with no luck, namely the tongues of freshly slain Bhuta.

From his somewhat lingo-heavy explanation, I gather that Bhuta are some sort of ghoul-style monstrosity, made when a person is possessed by a vestige (or a mage seriously screws up a ritual). My joke about _Turn Undead_ nets me a very blank stare. I promise to bring them back the tongue if I happen to find and survive one, at any rate.

As I bid him farewell, he mentions that an Order he works with, Causa Scientiae, has a representative present today. I gratefully accept his directions to their chambers and set out.

---

The belly of the Omphalos is labyrinthine which, given my recent astral experiences, is unsettling in no small measure. As I round yet another corner of branching hallways, I chance upon a macabre sight. A hulking mass of muscle and sinew is hunched over a robed man's body, noisily feasting on his entrails. Nearby, a reinforced metal door to a rental chamber is blown off its hinges.

I elect to get the hell out of Dodge, but my involuntary gasp betrays me. The creature looks up, and I see that it is grotesque amalgam of many beasts. It speeds down the hallway towards me, its hooves striking the ground in unison with the flap of malformed wings.

My revolver is useless, too fast for me to draw a shot, so I pull out my ivory dagger and hope for the best. It tries to pierce my chest with its beak, but I deflect with my knife and slit its side open. The flesh is surprisingly yielding, the dagger cutting a deep gouge without catching any bone. It slams into the wall behind me, and falls to the floor.

I use that time to run to a different hallway, hoping to put some distance between us, but the beast is kick to get back up. Feeling that my gun is more of a liability than anything, I pull out the hunter's knife and try a spear-throw. To my surprise, it works flawlessly. The knife plunges into its chest, and it comes tumbling down.

Unwilling to throw my only weapon remaining, I try for another shot before it charges again. Predictably, I miss. This time I am not so lucky, and it plunges its beak into my belly, ruining my "brand new" kevlar and sprawling me on the floor. I feel a searing pain, and hear my flesh sizzling as it yanks out a chunk of me to chow on.

It keeps pecking at my abdomen as I ineffectually try to fend it off, my stabs weak and shallow at this angle. I feel increasingly faint, and on the verge of passing out. As it rears back for the kill shot, I see an opening, and weave my dagger underneath its gullet. As it tries to strike downwards, it plunges the dagger into its own neck, and crumples on top of me.

I shove one of the fancy enchanted bandages into the ruined mess that is my abdomen, and pull myself from under the carcass, inch by inch. After agonizing minutes, I get myself up against a wall, and use my remaining strength to try and stay awake.

Hopefully someone heard those gun shots.

---

Eventually, a bureaucrat chances by. They seem deeply unfazed by the scene, and call for a crew of assistants to clean up the scene. They wheel me into an infirmary of sorts. I belatedly realize it's a morgue. Guess that with Her Blessing in mind, either you're eventually okay or you're toast. Grim.

---

After a brief rhythmic knock at the door, a man oddly reminiscent of Steve Jobs lets himself into the Infirgue (brand new word!).

The man speaks with a monotonically clinical affect. "Awfully sorry about C.G.T. Alpha XII, we should have upgraded her to a vault chamber. How would you describe her tactical acumen?"

"You mean the monster? I... Uh..." I take a deep breath and collect my thoughts. Everyone is insanely matter-of-fact in this goddamn place, I better keep up. "Well, it didn't seem aware that it should dodge or shy away from my knives, and did not adjust its tactics even after I repeatedly wounded... Her?"

He nods, listening but not once making eye contact. "Mmm, yes. Not enough deer, I think. Interesting.

"I believe this is yours. Excellent strike, it collapsed two of it's three pleural cavities." He hands me something wrapped in a crisp white handkerchief. Ah, my knife. It reeks of disinfectant.

"Anyhoo, what were you doing in our assigned sector?" He asks, trying and failing at using a conversational tone. Is this guy Causa Scientiae?

I introduce myself, and explain that Mr. Vanderpool mentioned their Order, the presence of representatives on this day, and so on. He listens, and hmms every so often.

"Very well. We will call even the destruction of our precious property and your own personal injuries and/or losses." Before I can interject or protest, he continues: "You have shown resourcefulness, and at least passable intelligence, so we would be pleased to work with you."

With a well-rehearsed flourish, he pulls out a thick metallic business card and deposits it onto my lap. It bears the effigy of a three-eyed owl, and is emblazoned with CAVSASCIENTIAE. "If you see a door with our effigy near the central abode, this card will grant you access. Should lead directly to our social chambers by an exceedingly safe route."

With that, and without waiting for any sort of reaction, he turns and leaves.

Think I'm done for today.

---

After a few hours, I feel steady enough to get on my feet. I follow the signs back to the outer floor, then exit back into the somehow bustling streets of pandemic-era London.

I pick up a greasy box of food from a place called Golden Chippy and make my way to the flat. By the time I can bring myself to eat it, it's cold, but sure beats cooking.

I split the rest of the day between shopping on Amazon for cat food and toys, trawling the web for rumors, and growing increasingly puzzled at what passes for weekday daytime TV these days.
