October 13th, 2020\
G's Flat in Merton, London, UK\
Tuesday, last day of the New Moon

I keep expecting to wake up from this dream but, truth be told, I haven't slept a wink. Too busy watching my wounds knit together. Is this part of the Goddess' gift?

As the sun rises above the Brutalist block of flats facing my apartment, I go over my discoveries once more.

Her. The Omphalos. Obols. Rituals. The Astral. Orders. Ms. Clarke must've recited this schpiel to dozens of neophytes before me. Such was the skill with which she tied one subject to the next, filling me with knowledge as though water into freshly fired clay.

One thing is abundantly clear to me: I must go back. This place, the Omphalos, it was my gate to so much more. After feeding and playing with Caliu, I deck a few more caffeine tablets and set out.

Odd thing, that the Omphalo's entrance could move like that daily. Odder still is the method to determine the day's route, but it's hardly worth writing down.

---

A haggard man makes his way to me as I enter the Omphalos, mistaking me for a more experienced Seeker, and tries to buy a "consecrated athame" off of me. Before I can finish saying "what is that?" he moves on to the next person. Odd. I have much to learn, clearly.

It seems there's been some kind of kerfuffle between the so-called Orders, and none of their representatives are expected today. So much for my hope to make my introductions...

Being penny-less (obol-less?) as far as this place is concerned, I busy myself learning its layout (as far as there is one) and trying to make acquaintances. Most folk shoo me off, their newb-dar well-honed, but I manage to strike a conversation or two.

Worth noting is a Mr. Vanderpool, who gives me some helpful pointers and offers to sell a bewilderingly wide array of arcane curios. Unfortunately I haven't the obol, but when that changes I know who to call on.

After loitering for a while, I overhear a most interesting conversation: seems there's a manor in Nottinghamshire that's attracted a lot of attention lately--there are rumors that the elderly mage living there has died, some say during a ritual-gone-wrong at his home, and folk are beginning to snoop around.

Some frankly artful Googling later, I'm fairly certain the man in question is a Tobias Underwood, and his house is near Gunthorpe. With nothing else to do with my day, I decide to go on a scavenging expedition myself.

---

One train ride and car rental later, I arrive at the place. It was a rather forgettable place, a three-story brick house surrounded by unkempt greenery, with nary a neighboring home in sight.

As I cross the front lawn, I noticed that the front door was ajar, and that every single window has thick curtains, drawn, and sturdy looking burglar bars. So much for trying out the grappling hook I bought online...

The entrance hall has been thoroughly ransacked and is deserted, though I spot several muddy sets of footprints trailing off into the hallway. I wipe my shoes on the mat and follow the tracks. The hallway is similarly empty, though I see several doors, and it opens into a room at the far end.

Entering what turns out to be the kitchen, I see a rather grisly scene. A flayed man, clearly not long dead, is sprawled on a counter, his face contorted in terror. A wispy-looking woman, clad in black robes and rinsing a bloody dagger in the sink, turns to look at me and smiles as she lunges forward.

I instinctively fire my revolver, but she weaves out of the way. She is terrifyingly fast and by the time I can react, there are three brand new holes in my gut. She easily sidesteps each of my attacks, chuckling as though savoring my pain.

Finally, I parry one of her blows, and stab her shoulder and side. Though they seemed like shallow cuts at first, I feel my strength multiplied as I plunge the dagger in. Is She guiding me? Before she can react, I slam the dagger into her neck and tackle her to the floor, where she gurgles her last breath.

---

So... I just killed someone? On a closer look, a heavily tattooed goth-looking flay-happy killer, but a human being nonetheless. Guess that makes me a murderer, self-defense notwithstanding.

---

Once I'm done throwing up, I patch up my wounds and pocket her dagger and a LED flashlight she was carrying. The kitchen, corpses excepted, is fairly unremarkable. Strangely, there's no food in the pantry, and the fridge only has alcohol in it. I take a swig of stale Château Pichon for courage and move on.

In the back of the kitchen was a set of stairs, leading down to some sort of cellar. After turning on the lights and taking a few steps in, I hear a booming voice behind me: "Ye fuckin' Ichorite! I'll kill you!" As I turn, I see a disheveled man clad in tacticool, levelling a handgun at my face. Before I can duck for cover, he grazes my shoulder, and my return fire is ineffectual.

Outgunned and outskilled, I opt to rush the guy. Bad idea, he shoots me in the gut and moves farther away. But hey, bad ideas can't be bad every time, right? So I rush him again. This time his aim goes wide, and I manage to pin his gun-hand.

Worryingly, he just belly-laughs and draws a wicked-looking hunting knife, inscribed with runes and festooned with charms. He's an experienced brawler, and fights without mercy, stringing a litany of cussing with skillful blow after blow. With each cut, I feel my energy draining... Though that's probably the abundant blood loss catching up to me. By the time I manage to shut him up, my vision is narrowing at the edges, and I feel dangerously close to passing out.

As my vision swims, and I watch the man expire, the weight of reality comes crashing down on me. I teeter on the edge of a panic attack, but hold onto my wits by a thread. 

After binding my wounds, I realize I'm deeply over my head, and should probably call it a day here. I search the man's body, and belatedly realize he was wearing body armor. Clever guy... I unceremoniously strip him down and put the blood-soaked gear on, yanking my tattered sweater over it. I find a cigarette in his coat pocket, and light it. One coughing fit later, I recall why I don't touch the stuff, and put it out. No ID, no personal effects, surplus military gear, obviously-enchanted knife... What the hell?

Thankfully, I make my way back outside the house without further incident. Whatever secrets that house holds are clearly not for me. I unsteadily make my way back to the car and get the hell out. Can't really take a train back in this state, so onto the highway.

---

One shower-slash-sobbing-session later, I'm much more composed. The bullet wounds have already begun to push the lead out, which feels strangely gross. Caliu insists on kneading my slashed thigh as I settle in for the evening. I think I'll take it easy until the morning comes. Clean the kevlar, meditate on the impermanence of self, watch some anime, maybe hunt on the web for slightly less lethal leads on the paranormal...
