October 14th, 2020\
G's Flat in Merton, London, UK\
Wednesday, first day of the First Quarter

Whatever it is, it's getting closer. The Fitbit claims I slept 4 hours, but it felt like an eternity with it. It. I must find more about It. A name, a ritual, a ward... I need power. Those Orders, if only I can gain their trust, perhaps they will share in their knowledge.

After a scalding shower, I give Caliu her food and a piece of ice to play with, and set out for the Omphalos.

---

The Omphalos seems somewhat busier today, hopefully a good sign. One of the folk I chit-chatted with yesterday waves at me as I walk by--apparently there's a rumor about me running for my life at the Underwood Manor.

My blood runs cold. Did I leave a witness? I was wearing heavy clothing and a face mask, how would they even know it was me? Have I even told my name to more than a half dozen people here? Just how fast do rumors spread in this community? Agh. Thinking quickly on my feet, I spin some yarn about scouting the place and deciding it wasn't worth my time--the gist of it is true, and it seems they buy it. Hopefully that's that, I would prefer a bad reputation not precede me.

Still replaying yesterday's events in my mind, I make my way to the Trading Hall, hoping to sell some of what I pilfered. I cleaned both weapons before heading over, but the weapon seller is quick to point a myriad flaws. I settle for what he offers, 5 oblong coins worth a hundred obols each. Surprisingly light, though the runes etched on them hints at counterfeiting being a risky proposition.

Passing by a stall bristling with herbs and jarred poultices, a neatly stacked pile of delicately-inked gauze catches my eye. Inquiring about it, I am told that they are enchanted bandages, meant to facilitate healing. Figuring that nobody would be foolish enough to run an outright con here, I buy a pair to try them out.

Asking around, I find out there is indeed an Order representative here today. Score! I find one of the bureaucrats running about (what exactly do they manage here? I should find out more) and ply some directions out of them.

After a thankfully short wait, I am led down into the bowels of the Omphalos, passing dozens of doors blazoned with helpful monikers, like "Ash Azure Laboratory" and "Winding Circumspect Chamber"... Rental spaces? Finally, we reach an unlabeled door, and the usher waves we in unhurriedly.

Within, I see a man sitting in... Cowherd? My asanas are rusty, but I think that's it. Anyhow, I see a bald man in a three piece suit, sitting in the center of an empty carpeted chamber, meditating. Assuming it would be rude to interrupt, I sit a few steps in and take the opportunity to clear my head.

After a span of time, the man thanks me for approaching his Order, the Siddha. He nakedly asks me what I seek from them. After an embarrassingly long pause, I decide on my answer. "Power over self, freedom from my torment, allies."

His smile is sharp. "In due time, all 3 we can provide. You are a fellow stranger in a strange land, free of the chains that bind most magicians here. Work with us, and much can be accomplished.

"I propose a test. A certain quarrelsome spirit, an old member of our Order, must be persuaded to stay zir hand from our designs. I would like to see how you handle the matter.

"Ah, but you've likely never had the chance to swim in the Astral. It will be my pleasure to provide you a modicum of tutelage. Come, sit closer and concentrate your thoughts on the Æether..."

After about an hour of fruitless meditation, the representative tersely comments "I sense your thoughts are muddled today. Must be the torment that brought you here, yes? No matter, we have remedies to help speed the process." Seemingly unbidden, the usher walks into the room and approaches, handing me a stoppered glass vial full of... It looks like shampoo, honestly. An unnatural hue of blue, thick, and glittery.

"Please, drink."

---

This is disorienting. I can _feel_ my body as though all sensations were being faintly whispered. I find that I cannot alter my breathing, or move, yet my mind is free to wander.

Well, not quite. I seem to be in a hedge maze of some kind, though it is curved inwards, as though on the inside of a hollow sphere. All color is alien, both uncomfortably vivid and drained.

While still gathering my with, a child, dressed like a Victorian urchin in a play, wanders into the passage I'm in. "You are... Alive!" His mouth contorts in anger as he dashes towards me!

Before I can react, he bites at the air around me--wait, no, he's biting some sort of cord! I feel the connection to my body becoming dimmer, and try and 'push' with my mind, as the Siddhite representative instructed. It has an effect on the child, it seems ever so fainter.

The battle is brief but relentless. Finally, with one final 'push', the child is sent careening away into the sky above me. Hopefully the maze will keep him from finding his way back to me. My connection to my body feels worryingly weak, but I would hate to disappoint my prospective employer, so I press onward.

Advancing through the labyrinth is odd. I can see the layout shift before my eyes, but whichever route I take feels predetermined, as though the path is shaping my steps. I come across an exquisite fountain, pure Vril streaming from the hands of countless carved nymphs.

Moving on, I walk... Float? Glide? I _advance_ for what feels like hours. I come come across a huge shard of glass, embedded into the thick hedge wall as though it were a meteorite. Very odd. I squeeze by it, noticing that it left a hole in the impenetrable wall, and enter a chamber. Looks like a throne room right out of an Arthurian movie set! It is deserted, but I spot a throne, with a coronet of gold resting on a pillowed throne. I try it on, but it seemingly disappears. Leftovers of someone's dream? A door at the opposite end of the chamber leads back outside, and when I look back all I see is hedge.

Well, hedge, and a bespectacled arachnid that chitters contemptuously as it spots me. I sense nothing but naked hostility from it, so I try and shove it away.

Seemingly catching it off-balance, I push it into a hedge wall repeatedly. It clicks displeasedly, and fixes its multi-faceted eyes on mine. I feel as though my very thoughts were being ripped away from me, and I am left momentarily reeling.

Before it has a chance to finish me off, I pour all my anger into a scream, and the strange creature is pushed away, seemingly through a wall, as though being reeled in. I take a moment to steady myself, as I feel as though my tether steadies... Just a tad.

The hedge maze slowly gets darker, the walls taller and more oppressive. The hedges are oozing... Blood. Slowly, no matter in which direction I advance, my environs look more and more hellish. I start seeing people, souls, writhing in agony as they are broken on the wheel, dunked into lakes of burning ash, ... How long I spent there, I cannot tell, but it felt as though days came and went as I wandered down this endless parade of torture and gore. Eventually, I find a fork in the path, and following it leads me in an inverse path. Back to the relative safety of the hedge, away from Hell. A hell. There must be many.

That experience really shot my focus, at any rate. I feel as though my grasp on the Astral is slipping, despite the potion, and all my movements are slightly delayed. Troublesome.

I come across a floating library, embedded in the maze as though it had collided--the angles not making much sense the more I focus on them. Within are shelves and shelves of miniature vinyls, but without a player or a way to take them with me, they are useless...

I think this place is beginning to get to me. There's a frustrated anger welling up in me, and I cannot seem to shake it. Muttering to myself, I almost fall over when I trip over an ornate iron box laying in the path. Cursing, I kick it open, and immediately my mind is quieted by a wave of peace and comfort. A memory, that of my father reading us a newspaper article he had written, a welling of pride and contentment. The anger does not leave, but it _is_ tempered. I feel steadier. I might make it to the end...

Then, I hear a record scratch, and feel strong hands reaching from behind and pulling me back. I try to hold onto the hedge, but it is once again slick with blood, and I am inexorably pulled back into the macabre Hell I thought I had escaped.

---

An eternity of wandering later, I emerge once more from that damned place, shivering and cursing my luck. At least I have held onto my wits this time. I feel as though I'm being toyed with... Could this be the work of something? Someone? It?

Fearful, I advance. Rounding a corner, I see a gigantic man standing there, completely still, wearing an immaculate toga praetexta. I pause for a long while, studying them, but they seem frozen in time. I resolve to pass by them.

"Titus, is that you?" he speaks, puzzled, as he looks at me. Ah, crap.

"O-of course, dear friend, I seem to have become lost in this place, my memories are a jumble." I spit out without thinking much, smiling.

He buys it. We exchange pleasantries, and he tries to ascertain our surroundings. It's clear that this man was once a Seeker, lost to the Astral for centuries. He offers to teach me the spell "we" were seemingly discussing on our last colloquy at the forum. I graciously accept, and we proceed with hours of instruction. Seems like he's been using this spell to freeze his mind and keep it from deteriorating during his long seclusion here... Or so he thinks, he's clearly somewhat addled.

After much somatic practice and attempts, I bid him farewell, explaining that I must get back to my domus for vesperna. I pick up the pace as I round a few corners, and continue onward.

Finally, I arrive at what must be my destination, the labyrinth's center. An ornate stone garden, with a fountain of light silently roiling with a purple haze. Seated near it in a very familiar asana, is a spirit clad in an ornate robe, not unlike one I would expect to see on a Jade Emperor statue.

His voice echoes around the statuary, boiling in anger in every direction except mine. "Approach, soul. The usurpers have sent you to do their bidding. I will now hear your plea." 

I can tell zie's bluffing. Zie tries to project the presence of a Deity, but I have spoken with the Goddess Herself.

I bow and, uncowed, make my demand. "Your interference with the Siddha and their aims has not gone unnoticed. They must insist that you cease all such activity, helpful or not, and bind that promise with a pact."

For a long while, zie remains seated, very still. Slowly, the spirit stands, and sighs. "They send me an errand boy. After everything, I only merit an errand boy. What a world."

Suddenly, before the blink of an eye, zie is standing before me, zir eyeballs almost on mine. "I will indulge you, and agree to this pact. Know this, however: if the usurpers cease offering on my tomb, or they encroach on Kucha once more, I will come for you before grinding them to dust."

Why did I agree to this again?

---

The pact is strange, somewhere between a handshake and a sedate Vulcan mind meld. Once it is done, I bid the spirit farewell and follow my tether back to my body.

"Ah, back among the living?" As I come to, I see that the Siddhite representative is studying me closely. "Thought you were going to lose it for a moment there, how are you feeling?"

"Dizzy. Thirsty. Traumatized."

"Not bad, for a first foray, then!" He claps his hands and helps me get on my feet.

"The pact is done, though zis demands were strange, zie wanted..." I trail off mid-sentence, eyes unfocused, as my mind sinks back into the visions of the Abyss.

"Yes, we can imagine what he wants. It will not be a problem, this was not the first time, and it will not be the last. Wheels must turn, you see." He pats my back, slips some obols into my hand, and guides me out of the room. "Good job, G, we look forward to your continued collaboration. Have a good evening!"

In a daze, I stumble out of the Omphalos, and back home.

I finally get some magic, and I can only practice it at the risk of visiting Hell. Man, fuck 2020.
