October 12th, 2020
G's Flat in Merton, London, UK
Monday, first day of the New Moon

Well, there's _definitely_ no turning back now. Holding open the door to my new apartment, reality sets in. In a scant month, I've gone from the solitary life of a code monkey in Atlanta to... Whatever this is. I cashed out my retirement savings, sold most of my possessions, and threw essentially my whole life away chasing after the unknown.

No, chasing after some sleep.

Caliu yowls in her carrier, so I let her out to surveil our new home. There's not much to unpack, so I'm done setting up the bare necessities by mid-morning. Time to visit Ms. Courtoy's tomb in Brompton Cemetery...

The hieroglyphs at the mausoleum's entrance are unintelligible to me, and gTranslate isn't any help. I resolve to return at night, better equipped for a break-in.

Having purchased a chinesium crowbar and a robust set of lockpicks, I return to the tomb. It's a cold, dark night. Almost against my better judgement, I brought the revolver along. I'm a sorry shot, but it gives a certain peace of mind. If nothing else, seems wasteful not to have it, what with the insane prices they charge over here for even shoddy pieces like this one.

Although the lock on the tomb is bizarre, my aimless raking and bumping persuades it to click. As the door opens, a moldy smell passes over me. Peering in with my flashlight, I see a statue of white marble, depicting some sort of goddess wearing a shawl of sheepskin. Poking and prodding at its base, I cut myself on an inlaid butterfly... Which makes the statue move! When all is said and done, a set of stairs is revealed in the floor, leading into darkness. Guess there's only one way forward.

As I descend, bas-reliefs tell of a story of war, destruction, and lost rituals. Eventually, the passage opens into a room carved of white marble, pristine. Within, a much larger and nigh-lifelike statue of the same goddess. This must be the place of ritual hinted at in Hannah's diary!

I set the candles, light the brazier, burn incense, and chant The Words.

---

The Goddess! _She_ **spoke** to **_me_**!

A trial! A maze. Perils? My vision is swimming, must be the ritual wine. Flashlight and gun in hand, k-bar at my belt, I advance into the chambers beyond...

A few chambers in, a horrid abomination waylays me. Not to get Lovecraftian on you, but "a feverish nightmare of viscera and claw" is honestly not far off. I missed my shot, of course, so it came down to my trusty camping knife. It got me pretty good in my right arm, and it takes a good while to staunch the bleeding. At least the Horror stopped moving once I hacked its second head off.

After a few  more chambers, and with creeping sense of doom coming upon me, another one of the horrors leaps down from the ceiling, latching onto me. By the time I rip it away and stab it to death, it's done a number on my upper back. If I gain nothing else from this place, there'll be more scars on me than I can count... Running low on hemostatics already.

---

The fuck is this, D&D? A goddamn tripwire with a ramming bolt. Fuck, it hurts.

---

More of the viscera weasels. I'm drenched in their gore by now, and they're getting tougher each time... Are there even multiples? It's not like I can go back to check on the prior ones, as each passage closes behind me. This place feels suffocating, like the walls are closing in. I've lost so much blood...

---

Theses visions are really screwing with my head--I don't understand. Why is She showing me this? Is the point to break me? I'm... Ah, fuck.

---

She branded me... I'm Hers? I have never felt such vigor within me before. Perhaps it's the insomnia, or the blood loss, but I feel like the world has new colors. A portal lies open, I follow.

---

... Is that a cafeteria?
