October 17th, 2020\
G's Flat in Merton, London, UK\
Saturday, last day of the Full Moon

I end up sleeping an hour or two, mercifully not long enough for It to show up... Or I'm just not remembering.

I hope I can make some headway today. Maybe I'm being too impatient, it's not even been a week since meeting Her, after all.

---

The way to the Omphalos is pretty annoying today, and I find myself traipsing through the alleys of a quiet warehouse district, looking for a Safitic grafitti.

As I scan a wall crowded with art, I hear a muffled groan and lumbering steps. I hide in the portal of a service entrance nearby. Slowly, a literal zombie shuffles past me, stopping every so often to scan his surroundings with glassy eyes. It reeks of sewage, reminding me of the stagnant smell from yesterday's tunnels. Is it hunting for me?

I let it continue on its way, and finish my hunt for the Omphalos jumping at every shadow.

---

I pawn the two daggers to the usual guy in the trading hall. Counting my obols, I figure that should be enough for a trinket from Mr. Vanderpool. I spot Ethan nearby, chatting with a seller of curios, and hail him.

After explaining my budget, aims, and current troubles, he digs around in his bag and produces an irregular chunk of whiteish translucent rock about the size of my thumbs put together.

"Enchanted Howlite. When a modicum of Vril is applied to it, it will speed up your body's regenerative ability for a moment. After that, it will be uncomfortably warm to the touch--let it come to room temperature before using it again, usually between 12 hours and a day. 1100 obols."

Steep. Actual magic, though, and apparently dependable. I hand over almost every obol I have to him, and study the rock in my hands. His explanation on how to push Vril into the rock is essentially what I was asked to do yesterday with the Vas--so I don't need to practice it.

---

Only the Causa Scientiae is here today, again, so I figure I should go give my apologies.

As I enter their main chamber I see the usual representative, reading a dog-eared manuscript at a metal lectern. With the usual lack of eye contact, he greets me. "Back for more already? Yesterday gave us the impression you had a stronger sense of self-preservation."

"About that, I'm sorry, but I was hardly a match for what he had down there guarding the place."

"Don't apologize unnecessarily. You received no payment in advance, and we hardly ever make plans without contingencies in place. The matter was handled, and we re-evaluated your capabilities."

In other words, it _was_ a test, and I failed. Joy.

"We do have some loose ends we'd like tied up regarding this matter. Seems like Mr. Oppé stole from us on his way out." Again, security footage from the Omphalos (where I have yet to spot a single camera), of that large man carrying a metallic briefcase.

"He was unable to open it before he had to abscond, and left it behind in one of his other bases of operations, a disused shipping warehouse-cum-office. It is guarded, but I would not recommend fighting your way through." He smiles faintly at that.

After I accept, he sends the details over to my phone. Brickfield Rd, somewhere called Bromley-by-Bow. Chunky brick warehouse, weathered and boarded up, with only other warehouses around it. Picturesque. The briefcase should be in the back office.

---

Foot traffic is non-existent on a Saturday in this area, so I hardly have to worry about looky-loos. I approach the main entrance, a stretch of misshapen corrugated fence.

I spot a thuggish looking guy, smoking by the fence. A lookout? I try to give him a wide berth, but I brush by a piece of uralite and it clatters to the floor. Fuck.

As I rush towards the man, he pulls out a handgun and lets loose a few shots, walking backwards as he does. By the time I reach him, I'm bleeding from my right arm and leg. He pulls out a switchblade as I close the distance. "Got a deathwish, mate!?"

He's a brutal fighter, and I am no match. By the time I realize I should turn tail and run, he has me cornered against a wall, his left fist pummeling my face as his knife tries to make its way between my ribs.

Shit, who's going to feed my cat?

---

Laying in a pool of my blood, I feel It approaching. Time slows down in time with my heart, sputtering. My eyes are clouded, my ears stoppered, but I can feel It inexorably get closer.

It kneels before me. I feel Its breath as Its face leans over mine. It whispers the truth, and I am no more.
