October 16th, 2020\
G's Flat in Merton, London, UK\
Friday, first day of the Full Moon

Looking at yesterday's clothes, I'm not sure how on Earth I'm alive, or why none of the passersby on the way to the apartment called the cops. My shirt and cardigan were ripped to shreds and soaked in a mixture of my blood and the chimera's ("""obviously""" that's what that beast was, in retrospect). The flak jacket was similarly ruined, the layers of kevlar either melted or torn.

Of course, nary a scratch remains on my body. That'll take a while to get used to yet.

---

I chuck the trashbag full of bleach-soaked clothes into the building's trash chute, and get my day's bearings for the Omphalos. Not particularly itching to go back so soon, but it remains my best lead as far as raw power goes.

The Omphalos is bustling with activity today, perhaps to make up for yesterday's hiatus. A haggard man approaches me as I enter, begging for a consecrated athame for a certain ritual.

"As I told you last ti--" he moves on to the next person without delay. Are athames consumed when casting rituals? I really should find some actual writing on them, everything I've found online is either a crock or maddeningly vague.

On my way to the trading hall, one of the older adepts I was gleaning rumors from the other day hollers at me. "Ho there! Would you happen to have a moment to spare? I have a business proposition."

Seems he's gathering Vril to power some sort of magical battery called a Vas. Smart guy, asking a newbie--it's not like I have better uses for my mojo (mana? spell slots?) outside the Astral, for now. He offers some obols in exchange and, of course, I get to see what a Vas and its ritual look like. Score!

---

So _that_ was magic. Hmm. Couldn't take notes on the details, was too busy pouring what felt like the spice of life into a little Matryoshka doll. I did get the broad strokes, though--brazier full of some strange type of powdered mandrake, magic words, profit.

A hundred obol and some knowledge in exchange for a smidge of my time and a chunk of my magical essence... Feels like a fair trade, anyhow.

I swing by the trading hall and pick up an enchanted bandage from the herbalist stall. Definitely useful in a pinch, if I go by yesterday.

Back near the Omphalos, I spot an ornate door with a three-eyed owl repoussé mounted to it. Into the lion's den, then... As I approach the door, I take out the metal greeting card. Nothing happens. I try showing the card to the owl... Nada. After several minutes of fumbling, and prodding I notice that the door's handle is fairly chunky and modern-looking. Surely not.

_-beep-_

It's just an NFC card. Who does that?

---

One, thankfully uneventful, long hallway later I arrive at an open portal into a stately room. Within is sitting The Causa Scientiae representative from yesterday, splitting his attention between a nondescript tablet and a rather large map of.

Without looking up, he motions for me to come over to the desk. "Mmm, good of you to be here. This concerns you, in a manner of speaking. Come."

As I approach, he slides the tablet towards me. I see security camera footage of a robed rather large man running down an Omphalian hallway. There's security cameras down here? "The failed chimera you euthanized yesterday was let loose on purpose. The man it killed and the man who let it loose were both members of my Order. The reasons for the slaying are known, but unimportant to you. Causality, justice, and my fellow researchers' anger must all be satisfied. Find and dispose of Peter Oppé."

Glancing down at the desktop, I realize the map is some sort of city planning map. "You have leads on his location?"

"Yes. He's a rather smart fellow... Pity. Rather smart, but covering your tracks perfectly is beyond most in this day and age, adept or not. We are near certain that he is holed up in this section of the city's tunnels. Probably his last-ditch base, while he waits for transport abroad."

---

Guess I'm a murderer for hire, huh. Not sure I'm up to this, but I doubt they'll let this guy live either way. Hell, this might just be a test of my rationality, compassion, or some other shit. Circles within circles and all that jazz.

Once the street has a lull in foot traffic, I yank open the manhole and slip in. The rep said not to worry about CCTV, at least. These guys seem to be a crossbreed of tech bro, deranged scientist, and magical adept. Maybe it's a personality type.

I hold my LED flashlight between my teeth as I descend down into the darkness.

I land in a shallow pool of stagnant water. Glad I sprung for decent boots earlier this year... As I turn my head around to scan my surroundings, I catch the glimmer of eyes watching me. A man, naked and covered in runes, charges at me, cursing!

I dispatch him rather quickly. I feel unpleasantly little dread as I watch his body crumple at my feet. I treat my wounds (am I still susceptible to infection? This place isn't very sanitary...), take his dagger, and search the area, but find naught.

Seeing only one way forward, a tunnel lit by emergency lighting, I follow. After a few minutes, I arrive at a fork. As I'm considering whether to flip a coin, another naked dagger-wielding tattooed madman runs out of the shadows! This one is silent, and looks dangerously quick on his feet.

We circle each other and take a few lunges at each other. I manage to draw first blood by riposting an errant jab, and he returns the favor by kicking my dagger out of my hand. It clatters a few feet away... Glad I have back-ups.

Soon enough I'm left with just the previous sewer-dweller's dagger. Not well balanced, but a lucky stab to the sternum leaves him reeling long enough for me to pick my ivory dagger back up.

He recovers faster than anticipated, and shanks the back of my leg. I turn around as he's standing and stab downwards, cracking his skull and ending the bout.

Checking the body, I notice he's wearing several dog tags threaded into a hemp bracelet. All different names, but similar service years. Buddies? Trophies?

Much as it pains me, I don't think I could survive a third bastard of this caliber, much less the veritable wardrobe of a man I'm supposed to be offing. I retrace my steps and exit the underground. I shake my head at a nearby camera, in case the Order is watching.

My phone vibrates. "Disappointing, but within parameters." This is where I should be impressed that they have my number, but I'm guessing they searched me while I was near dead yesterday. Spoooooooky.

---

I make my way back home in a pretty sour mood. I stop by a corner store and pick up a case of energy drinks, cat food, and some Indian takeout. The nightmare is worse when I'm like this, might as well pull an all-nighter.
